Autonomous Robot car :

Implemented multithreading in python to perform asynchrounous 
task like controlling car , obstacle detection , image processing etc throught simultaneously in background. 
Increased the number of message transfer between raspberry pi and computer by 10 times by implementing websocket over http which futher reduces number of tcp connections .
Created android application to control car movements .
Working on and learning machine learning and artificial intellence to build complete driveless car


Device Tracking System :
Created a web application along with android app to track any android device at real 
time  using background services and GCM . Reduced battery and data usage by 37% by using 
efficient algorithm for background services.


Thane Traffic app :
SOS application especially build for women safety in thane . Increased productivity 
and usefulness of application by implementing push notification system to send alert using GCM.


Cupidic.com :

Designed and developed "E-Greeting card" web application to send greetings to friends by customizing predefined templates.Created templates like 3D rotating cube in 3.js with 6 images around each side of cube and one heart shaped animation with flowers.






Twheelo Internship 
Building a web and android application for renting two wheelers . 
Implemented retrofit library to reduce http connection time by 100times than in-built apache http connection in android. 
Working on and learning  angularJs , NodeJs, expressJs , Postgres , Aws , Oauth  etc 

Polaris Internship 
Build an analytic tool for Polaris event  to manage money collection , user and event information , track expenses , 
generate reports on online event feedback forms.  
Wrote API's to register user through android application.
Wrote efficient scripts to send sms , emails to multiple user with delivery report to resend messages. 

 
EnegeryLab Internship 
Leaned android and web development , build one android application "Thane Traffic App" for thane city 
which was launched by Mr. Amitabh Bacchan on 27 feb 2015. 
Build backend web application to manage questions , user answers and admin rating on users answers 
for "whatsyourexcuse.co".






Technical skills 


Git , Raspberrypi , OpenCV , 

Languages :
Java , C , Pyton , PHP , HTML , CSS , JavaScript , LaTex , 
Sql 
Frameworks : 
Django , Bootstrap , NodeJS , MeteorJS 

Android , Phonegap , 

Mysql , Postgres , Oracle 






Refference link :

http://blog.arungupta.me/rest-vs-websocket-comparison-benchmarks/